RDAPI-21716 add pem support for cert and private key and new syntax in files externalization (#1554)
Axway/axway-open-docs: content/en/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_externalized_files.md

}
```

> Files externalization are managed via placeholder `{{file "my_file" "file_option"}}`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
File externalization is managed with the placeholder `{{file "my_file" "file_option"}}`:
```

* `my_file` is the name of the externalized file. The location can be:
    * absolute, the path begins with a `/`
    * relative to the directory of the YAML file referencing it. In the above example, both files are in the same directory

> * `file_option` can be:

Reviewer 2: Maybe you should explain the various option
- raw read
- binary read (internal type if the configuration)
- PEM style formatted keys

Author: We thought to put some explanation about that but ends with causing some confusions for the end-user. The table below is self-explained and end-user does not necessary have to understand the logic behind these options.

| --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- | --- |
| Script language / Scripts (in Resources) | `JavaScriptFilter`, `Script` | `script` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.groovy`, `.js`, `.nashorn.js`, `.py` |  | Yes |
| Set Message (Filter) | `ChangeMessageFilter` | `body` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.json`, `.html`, `.xml`, `.txt` | Extension depends on content type content. | Yes |
| HTTP Redirect (Filter) | `RedirectFilter` | `content` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.json`, `.html`, `.xml`, `.txt` | Extension depends on content type content. | Yes |
| Retrive from or write to Database  (Filter) | `Query` | `sqlStatement` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.sql` |  | Yes |
| JSON Add Node (Filter) | `JSONAddNodeFilter` | `content` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.json` |  | Yes |
| Add XML Node (Filter) | `InsertXMLNode` | `nodeContent` | N/A | `<Parent entity>-Files/<entity field "name">` | `.xml` |  | Yes |
| JSON Schema | `JSONSchema` | `contents` | N/A | `<entity field "name">` | `.json` |  | Yes |

> | Certificate | `Certificate` | `content` | `pem` or N/A depending on the content | `<entity field "dname">-cert` | `.pem` | [How to add a new certificate](/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_edit/#add-a-new-certificate-and-private-key-to-a-yaml-configuration) | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Certificate | `Certificate` | `content` | `pem` or N/A if PEM headers and footers are not included | `<entity field "dname">-cert` | `.pem` | [How to add a new certificate](/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_edit/#add-a-new-certificate-and-private-key-to-a-yaml-configuration) | No |
```

> | Certificate | `Certificate` | `content` | `pem` or N/A if PEM headers and footers are not included | `<entity field "dname">-cert` | `.pem` | [How to add a new certificate](/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_edit/#add-a-new-certificate-and-private-key-to-a-yaml-configuration) | No |

Author: We should put the N/A too. Wha about `pem` if file contains PEM headers and footers, N/A otherwise

> |             |               | `key` | `pem` or N/A depending on the content | `<entity field "dname">-key` | `.pem` | [How to add a private key](/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_edit/#add-a-new-certificate-and-private-key-to-a-yaml-configuration) | No |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|             |               | `key` | `pem` or N/A if PEM headers and footers are not included| `<entity field "dname">-key` | `.pem` | [How to add a private key](/docs/apim_yamles/yamles_edit/#add-a-new-certificate-and-private-key-to-a-yaml-configuration) | No |
```
